one day the five-oh-first were guarding
their only base left because they
haven't done too well and the droid army
had basically destroyed all their
vehicles apartment the BARC speeder and
that space it near well now they don't
have a bark speeder because that blew up
as well they aren't very the drivers
okay so hey guys dies I've just found
some 30 well you found you lasted damage
skank well huh well it looks like a
brick to expect Lego is made out of
bricks well this might not be Lego it
probably might be hmm stop I'm gonna
check it out well hmm it seems to be a
brick looks like something teleporter
don't you dare touch anything oh title
circle do we do it again
in your region gustas kill look you're
hopefully that's hard mission will come
back oh here it comes yay let's do it
again well look what you've done now you
idiot uh what was my fault where are we
well god please don't say that's a time
machine right um yeah looks like it
having traveled forward dum dum turn oh
my god it's storm troopers yet sauce and
what's the wow my god it's a researcher
dude looks like we have warrior people
where's Luke sky record we need him look
who I hookah no Luke Skywalker you
didn't do hi I'm Luke Skywalker oh gosh
no young Luke Skywalker hey sure Oh
Jared yeah that went well oh hi I died
here as well Oh am i dead no you're not
Chuck did dude yeah ah look string Oh
time bomb ah lucky i have a time bomb
with me okay where's that generate Oh
careful oh there we go 10 yeah eight
seven six five four three two one done
under me oh god everyone's dead